apps-wc: Upstream a patch to falco rules (#930)
elastisys/compliantkubernetes-apps: WIP-CHANGELOG.md

- Changed the container names of the vulnerability exporter to a bit more meaningful ones.
- Added persistence to alertmanager.
- made the [CISO grafana dashboards](https://elastisys.io/compliantkubernetes/ciso-guide/) visible to the end-users

> - Upstream a patch to  `k8s_containers` , `postgres_running_wal_e` & `user_known_contact_k8s_api_server_activities`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Patched Falco rules for  `k8s_containers` , `postgres_running_wal_e` & `user_known_contact_k8s_api_server_activities`. Will be removed if upstream Falco Chart accepts these.
```

Author: Thanks !! Much appreciated :) !! Fixed now .
